Oh, my body’s still hurts.
You can’t sleep on the ground without the right gear.
Sorry! I’m sorry!
But I guess it’s okay.
It looks like we can get back to the village before the day’s over.
What about Kakashi Sensei?
Yes, about that…
I’m counting on you.
Kakashi Sensei, what was that?
Messages to every Hidden Village.
We are working toward a united front.
We have to share critical intel as early as possible.
The Akatsuki possess the Tailed Beasts.
We cannot go on and do nothing.
Besides, they are led by that Madara Uchiha.
We must do everything we can now.
I know that.
Then hurry up and give your approval.
Are you willing to lose this war?
But the Allied Shinobi Force…
What if we give them too much power
and this decision comes back to haunt us later?
Do you really distrust your own nation’s shinobi that much?
First of all…
We will need you to come to a decision soon.
The battery is running low. It is such a long distance.
Let’s conclude this.
Lightning approves this.
Earth agrees with Lightning.
Wind approves this as well.
Why not?
Fire approves it.
All right. Water approves it as well.
So now, with this…
The formation of the Allied Shinobi Force is ratified.
Monitors on record. I, Tenga, shall serve as the witness.
Thank you all very much. This ends the transmission.
It is finally over.
Now it would be good to contact the Hidden Leaf at once.
The Five Great Nations Mobilize Sakura…
I wonder where she is now.
Was she able to persuade Naruto?
Kiba and Lee are with her. I’m sure everything’s okay.
Still… Well, worrying about it here won’t do any good.
Did something happen?
Hey, Shikamaru.
Can I talk to you?
Dad?
TOBIMARU Lord Kazekage has returned.
Did you receive Tobimaru’s message?
Yes, ma’am!
Any word from the Feudal Lords?
Yes, just a while ago.
It said that they all gave their approval.
It came sooner than expected.
Well, considering the situation…
Those lords, who often act slowly,
had no choice but to act quickly.
Things are gonna get busy.
We’ll meet immediately.
Send for all the officials at once.
Welcome home, Lady Mizukage.
We received word from the Feudal Lord.
Let’s hear it, go ahead!
Sir. The Feudal Lords of the Five Great Nations
have approved the Allied Shinobi Forces.
Is that so?
It’s finally time.
We must hurry to get ourselves ready too.
But it’s a good thing we were able to secure the Eight-Tails
before it fell into our enemy’s hands.
It’s said that the Akatsuki member Kisame Hoshigaki
was defeated in that fight.
We were able to weaken the enemy’s might before the war began,
so that was great.
Just what you’d expect from Lord Raikage.
Kisame Hoshigaki…
Really? That guy who was called the Tailless Tailed Beast.
What’s the matter, Chojuro?
No… Umm… Nothing…
Where’s your energy? Are you hungry, or something?
I’ve got it! I’ll treat you to a meal after this!
Huh?
Of course, it’ll be fried pork cutlets!
For good luck in battle!
FRIED PORK CUTLETS Fried pork cutlets…
HUSBAND HUNTING Husband hunting?!
I-I don’t care for…oily foods.
How pitiful!
Keep that up and you’ll fail at the crucial moment.
HUSBAND HUNTING
FAIL HUSBAND HUNTING?! Husband hunting… You’ll…fail?!
At times like these,
you should accept whatever your elder tells you.
Shut up, or I’ll kill you.
Well, that was quick.
Those lords worked quickly
because the Tailed Beasts and Madara were mentioned.
I can understand the Tailed Beasts.
But isn’t Madara someone from long ago?
He must be really old by now.
He didn’t look that old.
So who looks older, him or our old man?
I tell you. The ignorant have it so easy.
Well, something like war… It just doesn’t seem real.
Heaven help us…
if all our shinobi are young kids who know nothing of war.
Of course, you-know-who got talked down by one of those kids.
When did you all forsake yourselves?
Well, let’s just see what the young ones have got!
According to the reports,
it seems there was quite an uproar at the conference.
It was unusual that the Sixth Hokage tried to turn things in his favor.
The venue was kept secret and security was tight.
Who would have thought that place would be breeched so easily?
But that’s the Akatsuki for you.
They got into the place so easily and threw us into an uproar.
Tell us everything.
It was right after the conference started.
They suddenly appeared out of the least expected place.
Hello!
One problem after another! Now what?!
Is it the Akatsuki?!
It seems so.
Sasuke Uchiha has snuck in!
Now, where could he be hiding?
I’m very irritated right now.
If you attack, I’ll show no mercy.
I would say the same to you!
Elbow Bolt!
Gale Style: Laser Circus!
Sasuke!
W-What is this?!
Gaara… This is even greater than your Ultimate Defense.
Impossible!
An absolute defense greater than that of the Kazekage?
That’s what he said.
It must have been a Visual Jutsu of the Mangekyo Sharingan.
And then…
They made us withdraw
and they headed for the conference room.
He’s coming.
Above?
It pains my heart
every time I see such a handsome man melt away.
But you have to die.
So a brat like you defeated Deidara?
Well, I hold no grudge against you, but many ninja wish you dead.
So long…
Particle Style: Atomic Dismantling Jutsu!
My name is Madara Uchiha.
Sasuke!
I have something I want to explain to you all.
And once you comprehend it, I want to pose a question.
To think that four Kage together couldn’t take on Sasuke Uchiha.
That is the power of the Akatsuki.
Why did they attack the Five Kage Summit?
To show off their strength?
Judging from their individual actions,
it is difficult to say whether the objectives of
Sasuke Uchiha and Madara were the same.
However, it seems that Madara thought, with any luck,
he could take the five Kage hostage
in order to advance his own plan.
The five Kage?! How arrogant!
What was Madara’s plan?
He called it his "Project Tsuki no Me."
He already has possession of seven Tailed Beasts,
beginning with my One-Tail.
It seems Madara plans to collect
the two remaining Tailed Beasts and resurrect the Ten-Tails,
the combination of every Tailed Beast,
in order to make himself the Jinchuriki of the Ten-Tails.
And using that power,
he would place the world under Infinite Tsukuyomi.
And he would place all humans under his rule,
and he would control them.
A world free of antagonism and strife. Is that what he said?
Ridiculous! That would be the end of the world.
Exactly. That’s all the more reason we must stop him.
That is what the Allied Shinobi Forces are for.
But if that is the case,
I worry about the whereabouts of Danzo Shimura.
I hear that he was the one controlling the Hidden Leaf
from behind the scenes for a long time.
I’d hate to get shot in the back at a time
when we are all trying to build solidarity.
As to that,
every Hidden Village should now be out searching for him.
It seems some of the Mizukage’s followers
did come in contact with him once, but…
What? We’re in the middle of a meeting.
Pardon me. There is an urgent report.
Come in.
We have received a message
from Kakashi Hatake of the Hidden Leaf.
It seems Kakashi Hatake and two other ninja
came upon Sasuke Uchiha and Madara, and fighting ensued.
It seems they were able to confirm the death of Danzo Shimura.
Danzo is dead?!
What?!
Someone so skilled that he became the Hokage?
What about Madara and Sasuke?
Sir! It seems they used the Transportation Technique to disappear.
It’s certain, the Akatsuki is definitely strong.
Their capability of war waging is unknown.
But the true strength of our Allied Shinobi Forces,
which is unparalleled in history, is also unknown.
Earth, Water, Fire, Wind, and Lightning…
If we unite all the shinobi’s power,
I believe we can counter them thoroughly.
Above all, we must win this battle or the world will end.
Begin stockpiling ninja tools and rations immediately.
All official missions will be temporarily halted
in preparation for battle.
Give me a list of all shinobi belonging to the village.
At the same time,
I want each platoon to begin preparing their tactical plans.
No way! Sasuke attacked the Five Kage Summit?!
I hear they’re about to announce it.
Seems there is utter confusion among the officials.
So it’s true that Sasuke is a member of the Akatsuki,
who crushed the Hidden Leaf.
Looks like this is gonna turn out to be a drag.
These are orders from Lady Mizukage.
Confirm our supplies of ninja tools immediately!
Make a list of anything we’re short on!
I don’t know about this Allied Shinobi Forces,
but I won’t join up with those guys from the Stone.
The Akatsuki is a hateful group that brought
the nightmare of the Fourth Mizukage upon this nation.
The Hidden Stone have used
the Akatsuki again and again, until now.
The higher-ups may order it,
but there’s no way Ganryu would accept it.
You’re being very careful with them.
They are the great masterpieces of a legendary puppeteer.
I cannot allow myself to be bested
by the generations of puppeteers before me.
What about you?
I just sent off messages
to those ninja currently on far away missions.
But to think it has come to killing a Hokage.
You mean Sasuke Uchiha?
I knew it, but he’s really fallen as low as you can get.
But…
Naruto, you told me, "I am going to be the Hokage."
I became the Kazekage.
If you are prepared to bear the burden of being a Kage,
then do what is right as Sasuke's friend.
He didn’t seem to be convinced, did he?
It’s because he never gives up.
He’s the one who changed the old Gaara,
the one we could never approach.
No matter how lost in the darkness a person might be,
he will hold out his hand.
He will try to save him.
That’s how he is.
Gaara…
But it’s Sasuke himself who’s seeking the darkness.
This time, I don’t think…
It has to be Naruto’s decision after that.
What he will do as a friend.
I will simply give my all to protect my friends…
and the world!
Look. There’s another black Kite flying in.
How many does that make?
Come on, Konohamaru, forget about that!
I’d rather know where Naruto has gone!
It’s a Leaf Hero Newspaper, after all.
I haven’t snagged the all-important interview!
Yeah. When he and I had that Pervy Ninjutsu contest,
he said he would come right back.
Wha—?!
What do you mean by Pervy Ninjutsu?!
You’re so lewd, Konohamaru!
Lewd?! You’re talking about my secret lethal move!
Konohamaru! They say Naruto has come home!
Sakura…
I’m back.
I heard from my dad… about Sasuke.
Yeah…
And I fought with him.
"Fought"? You mean with Sasuke?!
I’ll give you the details later.
Sorry, but would you mind getting everybody together?
There’s something I want to say.
Okay.
Naruto.
We were waiting for you, you know?
Hey, you guys.
I just need to get an interview from you
and the Leaf Hero Newspaper will be done!
Naruto, time for your interview!
Oh, that’s right.
But I have to make a report, so let’s do it another time.
What? You keep saying next time!
But you promised!
You always keep us waiting! You're so mean, Naruto!
So when’s "next time"?
– Yeah, we’ve been waiting for so long! – Naruto! Come on, when?
– C’mon! – Naruto!
Hey! Why don’t you say something too, Konohamaru?
I wonder what happened.
Huh?
There seems to be something different about Naruto.
Huh? What are you talking about, Konohamaru?
There’s nothing different. He looks like his usual self.
That’s true, but…
So when is "next time"?
What’s that? They’re fast!
It’s Kakashi Sensei and Guy Sensei.
Those two… Could it be that again?
No mistake about it. It’s their rivalry contest.
Guy Sensei probably challenged him.
Of all the times to do this.
No, that’s exactly why he’s doing this now.
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "Kakashi Hatake, the Hokage"
What a splendid contest, Guy Sensei!
Tune in again!